Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining us again today. We're going to go over what we saw yesterday.
In yesterday's video, I had to stop several times and pray over the visions that I was seeing while we were praying because it was disturbing. I kept doing that because of how dark this was.
There was a lot of darkness with what the Lord showed me was coming, what they're planning, and things that are being done behind closed doors in certain countries.
Braden has made several clips here because we believe that we are supposed to be a voice, not an echo.
The Lord has told us many times to say the things that are hard, and eventually they'll come out in the news regardless of whether people think you are on a bandwagon or whatever.
He said to just stay the course and say what I tell you to say even if it's difficult, and it will prove out to be real.
We've done exactly that. On July 6, 2014, in the middle of the night, the Lord took me out of my body and took me to the Tribulation.
He showed me what was going to happen in the Tribulation. I went from year to year with the Lord, and he allowed me to see a lot of things.
During this time frame, I wrote everything down on paper, but he would not allow me to release it until 2023.
He said, "Now is the time to go on YouTube and start talking about this."So I released it, and this is the first video I ever made on YouTube.
I uploaded it again because I didn't have many people following me then.
I kept uploading to refresh in the algorithm. That's what I did when I first started.
This was before the event with Trump's ear and all that, but I was a lot skinnier here.
I was only 225 pounds at this point in my life, but I'm going to get back there.
I keep telling myself I'm going to live long, finish strong, and get this weight down.
I've lost 35 pounds, so I'm very thankful for that, but I have a long way to go.
Go ahead and show what the Lord showed us. This is when we re-uploaded it on June 28, 2023.
I was skinny like this in 2020 during COVID. The original video was uploaded during COVID because I was sitting there on the couch. He said 2021 in his videos.
It was during 2021, that's why I was sitting on the couch and I felt like during that time frame the Lord said, "I want you to go on YouTube and tell everybody."But I was scared because I didn't know what to say.
This is the original first video I ever made on YouTube. Right before I came back into my body, Jesus looked at me and he said, "Brandon, before I come back to get you, they're going to talk about aliens a lot.
It's one of the signs."In 2014, he said they're going to talk about aliens a lot, like it's going to become a big deal.
He told me to be watching for the great deception that's about to take place.
There is an event you'll see. There's a great deception; it's all set up.
When the lady at the beginning was frantically screaming that the aliens are coming, it's going to be talked about in the media all the time.
It's going to start to become almost the norm. I tried to tell people about this in 2014 and most people thought, "Oh yeah, right.
Aliens."I said, "Yeah, for real, it's going to be the big deal.
Watch."Jesus said this, and now I don't know if they remember, but we're just at the beginning.
There are going to be major events coming in the next months and years that are going to shake America beyond anything you can comprehend.
Now I want you to see this was back then; I told you even then you can see I was skinny.
I want you to go over more things that the Lord has shown us about this.
This is October 26, 2025. This is what we saw. Go ahead and play it.
We have plenty of time here tonight. This is not alien; it's demonic.
It's about 12 feet tall when it comes on the scene. It looks like a log creature or a rock creature and it's dark. It looks demonic. It will be black and very demonish.
You might say, "Brandon, that is way out there,"but I'm telling you, I've seen this in the spirit more than once.
It's about 12 feet tall and it will sit on a platform and have a conversation with the news media in the days ahead.
I don't know when, but I'm telling you, the Lord says a great deception is coming that will fool a lot of people.
A lot of people are going to believe what they're about to see, but it is a demonic spirit that is sent to deceive the nations.
I saw it hovering over the Vatican. It looked like a flying mothership, like something out of the movie Independence Day with Will Smith.
A massive mothership thing will be over the Vatican, and this demonic thing will be over that and the Mayan temples in South America and the Mexico area.
It will fly and hover, and then all these little balls of light will shoot out of it like the size of cars.
They'll start shooting all over the world at the speed of sound, and it's going to freak everybody out.
That's what I saw in these visions. There were lightning bolts and everything coming off of this. It looked like something out of a sci-fi movie.
I saw heavy-set women with signs saying, "Welcome ET, welcome to Earth, welcome to America."They were celebrating with this light shining on them like you would see in the alien movies, with their tinfoil hats on.
I started to laugh about this, and the Lord said, "This is not funny.
These people are deceived in what's about to take place."That was on October 26, 2025. The Lord warned us and we saw something coming.
When you first saw it back in 2025 or earlier, when you saw that over the Mayan temples, this is January 21, 2024. This is a vision I saw right before the visitation was over.
He said, "Brandon, right before I come,"he said, "there's going to be a lot of talk and a lot of things on the news about alien encounters and visitations, but you need to know these are demonic forces.
These are demons. They're fallen angel stuff. It's not aliens. There's no such thing as aliens. It's demons.
But it is a great deception to try to explain away where the body of Christ goes when the rapture of the church takes place."That was 2024.
Now, this is March 18, 2026. A couple of weeks ago, this is what I saw coming. I was in a meeting in the spirit.
Now, you're about to hear that there was an actual meeting that took place with pastors of a church. I saw it in the spirit.
I didn't know anything about this meeting prior to this until today when everybody sent this stuff to me.
I don't know when the meeting was, but from what I understand, an actual meeting took place.
Now, in this, I see what they're about to release to the American people and to the world on March 18th.
I'm seeing more. Conspiracies will not be so much a conspiracy; they'll be saying it's a conspiracy.
All these things are conspiracies, but it won't be so much a conspiracy. Aliens—these things are demonic spirits.
Great things are about to be revealed on another level, but it's all preparing the church for where the church goes in the rapture.
There is so much to this. I see files. On these files, I see 'top secret.'I see red writing like a file, and it looks like a manila file.
And on this manila file, I see writing on there that says 'top secret'or 'security clearance classified.'It's in red on this.
It's about to be opened. I see a manila file that's thick, and I see it being opened.
It's classified, but it's all strategic. The Lord said the timing is all strategic.
Some is to distract from what this hand is doing because many people will look at this hand as unclassified.
It should have been unclassified a long time ago. This will become unclassified to distract from this hand.
This hand is AI. This hand is the mark of the beast system. As we are doing this, we're distracting you with this.
We can let go of this because we're implementing this. We have to perfect this to keep you distracted.
So great distractions are coming over here to do this over here because they know something is coming and they can't hide it anymore. The Lord says, 'Look over here.
Look over here.'I hear, 'Look over here now because we don't want you to look over here for what's over here.'They want to remain as close as they can because they want you to look over here.
But this is what we've had over here for a while. This is old news.
So I see them bringing this out in a classified document. They're going to release this.
It's a manila folder, really thick in the spirit realm. I see it being lifted out and exposed, and more of it.
I saw that classified will become unclassified, and this will be a distraction.
It's to distract from the reptilian, from the ant people, from dark things in the water.
I see Atlantis, the city of Atlantis what they always talk about.
I see an actual city underneath the water out by Africa. I told you there are five races of reptilians.
I saw five different reptilian races: one in Asia, one in North America, one in Europe, and one in Africa.
The Lord showed us these reptilians, and it was with the royals.
They've tried to preserve the bloodlines of these reptilian demonic things.
This goes clear back to the Mayans. The Lord said, 'Pay attention to the hieroglyphics on the pyramids.
Pay attention to the hieroglyphics on the Mayan pyramids. This is not an accident.
This is what they see.'There's something dark about this, and they have hidden it over generations.
But what has been buried will come out to light in the days ahead.
Listen to me; I say it right here: October 6th, 2025. He said, 'Notice the hieroglyphics. These are telltale signs.
This is coming back; it's part of the end times.'I'm warning you of something that's about to take place with fallen angel stuff.
As in the days of Noah, so will it be. There's more to this scripture than you see.
Last prayer call, the Lord showed me what looked like a reptilian in the royals. It was golden, had scaled skin, and golden eyes.
The Lord said, 'I want you to pay attention to the bloodlines, for these are ancient things that have been here.'Then He said, 'Focus on as the days of Noah.'That verse, 'As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns'—it's layered like an onion.
There's much more to this verse than just reading it; it's deep. The Lord warned us about giants upon the land.
Remember why it was all flooded: they were trying to destroy the pure human bloodline by creating giants, and angels were sleeping with women.
It was crazy. So the Lord said, 'Watch the royals: England, Saudi Arabia, the Mayans down in South America and the Mexico area.'He said, 'Watch it.
Your ancestors were warning you of something.'It's all writing on the wall.
He said, 'Look at the Native Americans in North America.'Then I heard the word 'ant people.'I had no idea why I was hearing these things.
He said, 'Ant people living underground; this stuff still exists.'I said, 'Lord, this sounds like sci-fi.'People are telling me in emails, 'Brandon, look at L.A.
Marzulli or whoever.'I don't know about these people. I don't follow their ministries.
I'm very cautious about what I let in. They say, 'Watch this guy,'and then Steve Quayle will confirm what you're saying.
But I'm telling you by what I saw by the Spirit of God. The Lord said to me, 'There are crossbreeds.
You don't know what you're looking at; they're among you.'He said, 'Look to China.'This is heavy. I've taken two days to pray over that.
The Lord said, 'I will show you more, but as in the days of Noah, Brandon, disguised in plain view, you don't realize who's among you.'That's way out there.
But as I was trying to show you the picture of what this lizard-looking man looked like, Brandon made it for you.
The one in England—but each lineage looked different. The one in Saudi Arabia looked different than the one in England.
The one in the South America and Mexico area looked more like a bird-lizard thing, like the hieroglyphics on their walls in Egypt, like a centaur, half-horse, half-man.
This is a fallen angel demonic mixture of humans with angel stuff.
The Lord said, 'Look to the caves, Brandon.'I kept praying and He said, 'I'm warning you of a great deception that's coming.
For many people will see and be deceived at what's coming in the days ahead.'False alien invasions are coming.
Remember, if we can entertain angels unaware, you can entertain demons unaware.
That's what the Lord said. Fallen angel stuff. It was really over the top. I don't focus on darkness that much, but what I saw was dark.
He said every one of these cultures I'm telling you about had human sacrifice of some kind.
It was presented to those fallen angel deities; they presented themselves as gods.
They made human sacrifice to those deity things, these demonic beings that were half-human, half-fallen demon stuff.
I'm trying to tell you all for just the little bit I got. I know it probably weirded some people out because it weirded me out. I'm just being real with y'all.
I told Braden, 'When I'm seeing stuff like that in the spirit, I'll give it to you the way I'm seeing it.'He even talked about the city of Atlantis, that it was an actual city, and I said, 'Lord,'it was near Africa.
Over the top stuff, y'all. I was like, 'Look at this.'There are actual ruins that people could go in the water and see.
Over time, stuff gets buried, but there's actual stuff there. The Lord was showing me it's in the water, in the ocean.
There's dark things, things that people don't realize are still there in the water.
I want you to see these pictures that my son puts out. This is the stuff they're trying to communicate.
I'm telling y'all it seems way out there, but that's why I try to tiptoe around it.
I just go, 'Okay, but the Lord's showing.'He said, 'A great deception is coming.'This welcome to Earth is about to happen.
I hope y'all are ready for what's about to happen. There will be signs in the heavens as of April 1st. What did the Lord say to us?
He said, 'A great acceleration of birthing pains will now take place on the earth once we got to Passover.'He said, 'An acceleration of birthing pains will take place,'and this will begin on April 1st of this year.
He said the signs now will be about the skies and the heavens for a great deception.
Things will start to take place in the heavens. He told us what was coming with the signs of the heavens.
He said this was the next birthing pains that would start to take place on April 1st.
He said it will accelerate all the way to Rosh Hashanah on September the 11th of this year.
He said then they will double again on September the 11th. He said they will double again from April 1st to Rosh Hashanah.
He said, 'Watch this time frame.'If you're a follower of this channel, you know by the spirit of God what I'm telling you because I've said it and we have record of it.
He said, 'Watch the signs of the heavens, for we'll start to see meteors.'I saw an asteroid, and I can even tell you where it's at in the sky.
The Lord said, 'This is Apophis Wormwood and it's headed for earth.'I saw calculations from NASA, and they said, 'The odds are in our favor; it's going to miss.'But three men in China were screaming, 'It's going to hit!'They put it through AI, and AI said it will hit Earth.
Well, we all know what the Bible says. It will hit Earth. In the days ahead, know that a major asteroid will come out and they will not shoot it down with missiles.
They will use green lasers out of Louisiana to do it. I saw lasers shooting this down out of the Gulf.
They break this thing and disintegrate half of it. They splice it down, but they don't get the whole thing.
It hits by San Juan, Puerto Rico, and it is catastrophic. The waters boil and all the fish die in that area.
There are literally hundreds of millions of fish on the shore.
It stinks like foul death all over the islands. I saw a major catastrophic tsunami hitting the East Coast.
I saw it hit Miami. It was a catastrophic tsunami when this takes place. Now, what are they distracting you from?
Because what are they releasing over here in the days ahead to distract you from what they're doing over here?
I've told you what the Lord said. Something major's happening.
Mark Zuckerberg was hiding in a fraidy hole and he was looking up.
He had a blue shirt and a black hoodie on with Converse and blue jeans.
He was looking out of a fraidy hole of a bunker that he had made.
The Lord said the elite and the rich know something is coming.
The ones that have great wealth know something is coming. They've not revealed this to the general public yet. Something is coming.
A great deception is about to be revealed to the earth, a great deception that will deceive many, and the church specifically.
You need to understand what the Lord has been telling us for a long time is about to hit the news.
And when this alien deity comes out and introduces himself, he'll make you think he's your friend.
What did I tell you the antichrist would say on live television the day the rapture takes place?
He'll come out and tell everybody that the Christians were taken and they were punished by the aliens. They have an alibi for where everybody goes.
When the Lord said to me, 'Months after this deception takes place, this is the time frame.'Now you say, 'Well, Brandon, that goes against the word of God.
No man knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man comes.'Well, He didn't say we wouldn't know the month or the year, the signs of the times.
He said, 'Look to the fig tree.'We don't know the day or the hour, but why don't we know the month or maybe the week?
The Bible didn't say that. For small-minded people, how much more does He show us that which is to come because He loves us?
We may not know the day or the hour, but He didn't tell you that you wouldn't know the week or the month or the year, did He?
So, keep your eyes open. Keep your eyes looking to Him. The seasons of the fig tree are all around us. Israel is watching the birthing pains as they accelerate.
My main goal is to always point you toward the Lord Jesus Christ and tell you that you must get your heart ready.
You must know that the signs of the times are all around us, and Jesus Christ is standing at the door; He's coming sooner than you think.
He said, 'I have long patience for the harvest, Brandon. But I'm out of time now, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.'So we want to show you just a couple more clips here.
We're doing good. Go ahead, put Mark Zuckerberg on there; we've got to move quick.
This is what's over here to distract you from what they're doing over here with AI. This is the beast system they're working on.
They don't want you to pay attention here, so they're going to release classified documents to get you to look over here because they don't want you looking over here.
He said it's to deceive the nations. We can release this because this doesn't matter anymore.
This over here is bigger news and we don't want anybody over here looking at this.
And then I saw Mark Zuckerberg and he was looking out of a fraidy hole in a tube underneath in a bunker.
He had a shirt on as blue as this book, as blue as this shirt, with a black hoodie that was zipped up, with blue jeans and Converse-looking shoes on. He had curly-looking hair like he always does.
It was long and he was peeking out of a telescope-looking thing, looking out of a fraidy hole because something was coming and he was hiding underground and he was scared.
That was Mark Zuckerberg. I said, "Why are you showing me Mark Zuckerberg all the time?
Why is he always hiding in a hole? Why is Mark Zuckerberg hiding in a hole?"I don't know.
I try to make sense of things I see all the time, y'all. I just go, "Why is Mark Zuckerberg hiding in a hole?
Why is he looking out that thing?"Braden, what's he preparing for?
They know something's coming. Pause. Okay, we're moving off of this now.
All right, we've driven it home. We made our point. There's something coming.
Now, I want you to see this video. This is Allan. He is a pastor, a YouTuber, and he's friends with Joseph Z and all of them.
I'm telling you, I don't know him personally, but I believe he's a man of God, and I believe he hears the Lord.
Now, listen, this is him talking in this clip. Do you have it?
Now he has a post: "Pastor told to prepare for UFO disclosure."Okay.
This is a 40-second clip. Play. "One last question for you. When you were in these meetings, did they mention the year 2027?
Yep, they sure did. They mentioned that date in particular as being a key moment and they went into details. We should do a separate podcast.
I need to get my notes together, maybe get some of these guys who were in the meeting with me together and kind of go over specifically 2027.
But there was something, and the urgency of the meeting was that something was going to be disclosed very quickly.
So yeah, they did point to that and they went over a lot of details with that, but the main focus was what's coming this year.
Thank you very much."Okay, one last question for you. What was that you found?
What is Pastor Allan saying there? I don't understand that.
So what is going on with this clip you found? He said he attended a UFO disclosure pastor meeting.
Okay. So you all can read it yourself, but basically he had a meeting. Pastor Allan was invited to a meeting. Okay.
Now, Perry Stone, I can't keep this clip up there because Perry Stone, you know, he's reserved all his rights and privileges.
This is his video clip. Go and watch the whole video. But I believe Perry Stone hears God.
And I believe because I know what the Lord has shown me concerning his ministry in these last days and that he'll be a pillar.
Now, there are people who don't agree with Perry Stone. That's fine.
I believe he hears the Lord. And I think this is interesting that he talks about this. This is a two-minute clip and I won't keep it up.
Watch the whole video that he has, but there was a meeting and supposedly they talked. I don't understand to watch all this.
Braden edited it down to get the highlights, but you need to go follow his channel and listen to what he's saying.
He's trying to warn you all, okay? And this goes with what the Lord showed us last night, and we found this today.
Now, he gave this on May 4th, which was yesterday—the day I had the vision of.
Is that correct, baby? Yeah. Okay. And he's at over 1.8 million views on this.
It's going viral. Look, listen to what he says right here. Just give him a couple seconds. "I had a friend that sent me a text message.
I was in a meeting, a weekend meeting preaching Friday, Saturday, and Sunday morning, and he said, 'Perry, can you give me a call?
I have some information that has come to my attention.'Of course, when a friend of yours does that that you know quite well, you have no idea what information they're talking about.
And I'm not going to go into great detail, but there were a large number of pastors that had been invited to go to a certain state to hear some men in the United States government and others share with them a concern that they had.
And this particular man, I'll not name him and then we may end up doing some teachings with him or having an event at his church. He has a great church.
But he said, 'Perry, what they're about to release from what we're hearing, there's going to be a release concerning aliens and concerning unidentified flying object spacecraft that some of the people who were in the meeting were telling us as pastors, you need to prepare your people and you need to get ready to answer them for what you're about to hear being released.
And some of it has to do with crafts that have been discovered that are not allegedly a part of our planet and the materials they're made of are not a part of our planet.
Very strange reptilian-looking creatures and other things that almost sound like something out of a sci-fi movie or an Orson Welles book.'"So, that's good enough.
That gives you a little teaser. Go watch it. It'll bless his ministry, too.
I'm telling you, there's things that are coming out that are going to be shock and awe and you need to prepare yourself because a great deception is going to try to deceive the nations to pull you away from biblical basis.
And as you watch the rest of this clip and you go to his thing and watch it, I support it.
I'm telling you that these men are hearing it now. And we told you what was coming by the spirit of God in prayer.
And this is as a watchman. We see it way out like an eagle. It's been coming for years.
Look, it's coming. Hey, and now they're telling you it's here.
It's here. Now they're screaming, "It's here. It's here. You need to know it's here."So look, another one.
Another pastor. And now he's affiliated with Perry Stone and all them.
I'm not familiar with this man, I'm sorry, but I know he's friends with Joseph Z. Now, go ahead and play this. Play just a little bit of this.
"Invited to come to a private meeting with a group of men who are connected with the intelligence world that are believers, but still have very high security clearance.
These are legit, true men of God that are still connected to Washington and even this current administration and all branches of military.
And they literally told us we had a sitting congressman, a very well-known congressman from Missouri.
He called into that meeting as well that was just for pastors. And this is what he said on speakerphone.
This sitting, powerful member of Congress said, 'Are the pastors listening to me?'I'm getting chills right now because this happened to me.
He said, 'Are the pastors in the room listening to me?'And I said, 'Yes, sir.
We are here.'And he said, 'Listen to me. Go and tell the church they are not ready for what is coming.
The narrative that is coming, what they are going to say is going to be like nothing you can even imagine.
They are preparing to tell us that they are from another dimension.
That they are our creator and that these beings, these aliens or whatever you want to call them, they were the ones that seeded us here. There is no such thing as God. Jesus was invented by them.
The Bible was invented by them.'And begin to just say, 'Listen, prepare the people for what is coming because they're not ready.'But he loved us so much, he made sure that he told us exactly the blueprint to study.
He said, 'Study the days of Noah.'And if you can understand how Noah responded, that's how you're going to have to respond."I believe what God is doing in the body of Christ right now.
That's a strong clip; that's more than even what Perry said.
So that man right there, I'm sorry, I don't know his name, but my son can look it up for me.
But I'm trying to warn you all. This is what we've been telling you since 2014 when I first saw this stuff.
And the Lord warned us that there's a major shaking to awaken.
And the Lord kept pointing to pray over the months of May, June, July, and August going into the time before the elections.
This is Pastor Larry Ragland. I believe he's a pastor. Yeah, he has a ministry.
So, you know, you have these pastors that are being warned by a Missouri senator to prepare the congregations because they are believers that know what's coming.
And that should alarm you because I told you what they're about to release is going to be shock and awe.
And so, we're hearing it today. And Braden said, 'Daddy, this is coming.
It's no longer coming; it's here. It's no longer coming, Dad.
It's here.'And I said, 'My goodness, I hope the people are ready. I hope you're ready.
I hope you're prayed up.'I said, 'The only thing that's not going to deceive you is having a revelation of this Bible.'With false prophecies and all the things, I said, 'There'll be many false prophets.
There's going to be a shaking of who's who in the days ahead. You're going to know.
You'll be able to see them by their fruits. You need to be all-in time. And that's not riding the fence time. This is all-in time.
A great deception is coming.'And so now we see other people saying it, and it's alarming to me because I've seen the darkness.
Now, let's go over what we saw a little bit more. I saw a girl from the 1980s in the vision last night where people were missing. And as they were missing people, I saw this girl.
She looked like a young girl, probably 10 years old, had 80s bangs—big poofy bangs, curly hair—and a ponytail that had a Rainbow Brite belt on, a Strawberry Shortcake shirt on, clothes from the 80s all of a sudden appearing out of nowhere as she came back to Earth.
Now, what I'm saying to you is way out there. Probably everything that I always say is pretty way out there, but this was way out there for me.
And I saw a girl that had a Rainbow Brite belt on and shoes from the 80s reappear that was gone for decades, and she still looked the same as when she left.
I don't know what I was looking at, but I heard it again: 'Angels.
You can entertain angels unaware.'There's familiar spirits.
There's demonic spirits. This I saw, interdimensional stuff.
I saw demonic things that were going to be over the top. I saw people who were supposedly abducted, and I saw probing.
I saw these aliens taking these people, and they'll have testimonials of 'this was done to me'and 'they kept me.'It's like they were in another dimension.
There's no time and distance in the spirit realm like in space.
It's like when you go to heaven; time is no more, right? Well, whatever happens, I don't know how to explain it.
This was demonic what I was looking at. And I saw it was familiar spirits.
Now listen, I saw aliens—I saw this demonic stuff—abducting people and doing stuff with their bodies.
Evil stuff. And this was very disturbing. So when I'm looking over in the spirit last night, I didn't know what to do with what I was looking at.
That's why I kept pleading the blood because I was like, 'This is dark.'Then I saw AI technology about to take a drastic turn that will be a technology that will evolve into something very, very evil.
ChatGPT and these other apps that you have on your phone—Gemini or whatever—are nothing compared to what I saw: the quantum computing that they were doing to break down DNA and bodies from dead people, and they were trying to make a baby out of DNA.
Whenever I told you what they said about the country that he said needs to be nuked—the guy was crazy—Finland or whatever it was.
The guy said that they've crossed over into a darkness with it.
And remember, I played the clip and I didn't realize what he was saying. He was nuts.
Well, he said they're passing laws that they can do things with DNA to create your own baby out of yourself by splicing cells with AI.
I saw them trying to bring back old pharaohs by taking samples of hair or tissue that they have found in coffins and mummies, trying to figure out how to take the DNA out of it and create what they looked like thousands of years ago and bring it back to the modern day.
And the Lord said they will do this with crustaceans, endangered species of lobsters because they're able to grow back their limbs.
And I saw endangered species—the dodo bird, the woolly mammoth, the saber-tooth tiger—things that they have found in ice—trying to bring them back with modern technology and AI.
And I heard a woman say—there was a woman and a man across the table who had blonde hair and two other men—and they were in this room.
And she said, 'There's nothing that we cannot achieve with this technology.'I saw like the Tower of Babel.
Wherever there was nothing they thought when they built this, they were all in one accord.
They were all thinking the same. And they were going to build this tower.
Well, I saw demonic thinking like that: 'There's nothing that we cannot achieve.
The sky is the limit.'It's this big opportunity, and I saw them trying to find DNA from Marilyn Monroe, Elvis Presley, celebrities, and the pharaohs—whatever that is where they have the coffins and all the stuff.
I saw demonic things with bones. Then I saw Nephilim, the giants—giant bones in the Smithsonian and in the museums that have never been allowed public.
There are artifacts and bones of DNA that they have found and dug up that have disappeared, and they want to experiment on them to try to bring back those giants through AI technology.
And that's what I was seeing. But it still comes out as a baby. It was a baby in an artificial womb. Superhumans—fake.
It was in a womb that looked like the size of a 50-gallon barrel, a round thing where DNA was planted like a real human baby inside this thing with genetics from thousand-year-old bones, bringing it and splicing it somehow with genetic AI technology.
This is what I was watching happen in this vision last night.
And I saw great deception as I saw quantum computing spinning out of control with a demon behind it.
I saw a demon behind this computer system helping them to create what should not be created.
And the Lord said again, echoing as in the days of Noah, 'Brandon, it's happening.'And I saw it was a race between America, Europe, and China.
And they were trying to become AI leaders in the days ahead. Who's going to have the best technological advantage?
And I saw CERN, one in America, one in Europe, and one in China.
Like CERN, they were trying to figure out how to do particle splitting and splitting atoms, but they were taking old manuscripts and allowing AI to scan them with a photo, and it was translating old demonic language through dark witchcraft spells, incantations, and things from old stuff from the Egyptian era—things they have found that are dark black magic.
And they were translating this stuff and using it to try to create portals.
I know this is way out there, but I tell you all this because it echoes inside of me all day again today.
You must warn them what's coming. The church is not awake. And what is going to take place is great deception.
And the church will be awake in the days ahead. So when do they release this?
I don't know. Could it be this year? It sounds like it. All I know is I have my eyes to the sky and I'm always looking for his coming.
But what did I tell you when I was allowed to have that vision and I went to heaven?
Brother Hagin said the last two years when he met me in heaven, he said the last two years on this earth before the coming of Jesus will be the major revival that you're looking for.
But it will be through groanings that cannot be uttered. Prayer groanings.
And that's why I got Father Nash's book and I was telling you all about groanings; it's something you cannot imitate. You cannot fake it.
It's from the river that comes out of you through the spirit of intercession that God takes you over when you're in prayer. The Holy Spirit takes you over. It's God-inspired prayer.
And the Lord said, "This will only be taken so far through tongues, but the rest of it must be groaned out in the spirit."That means it has to come through mature believers.
So, let's go on to the next part. We've gone way too long. Are y'all bored?
If you're bored, I can stop. I don't want to waste your time; we can do something else.
But I'm trying to warn you what the Lord is telling me to tell you tonight.
And I hope you have ears to hear. Next, we'll go over it very quickly because I know y'all are busy.
Now, listen to what President Trump says today. Remember I told you about the $2,000?
I saw $2,000 stimulus checks coming now. He must watch the channel.
2500 is what I saw a maximum of. And they were discussing it behind closed doors in the days ahead. Now will this provoke that?
I saw a stimulus in a needle and that everybody who made less than $150,000 got 2,500 bucks per family in the days ahead.
So, President Trump put on his Truth Social today: "When did I promise $2,000 checks?"Trump disowns his own Truth Social posts as experts say odds are effectively zero.
It's in the news. This is what we prayed over. I saw it in the shot and I heard it in the news. They're talking about it just like the Lord showed us.
And then Trump puts out there, "When did I promise that 2,000?"It's even the number, but I saw 2,500 will end up happening.
All in my opinion of what the Lord has showed me. I can miss it.
I'm human. But look at this. It's funny that this is in the news.
He is on Truth Social saying, "I didn't say that."Well, yes, he did. Because his Truth Social post is there.
So, he said that as a campaign promise, but I thought it was interesting that it's there.
So, I laughed about it because it was around the figure I saw it would end up being in, and they would try to stimulate the economy with the shot—the big buffalo needle.
It's in one of the videos. You saw it and I said they'll end up trying to inject the economy.
Now all that we're about to show you is all in our opinion concerning this.
I'm not a financial adviser. This is for entertainment purposes only.
You need to look at this and pray about your own investments of what God is telling you.
This is what the Lord showed us in prayer, and this is what I believe he showed me.
February 24th, 2026, the Lord showed us this when we were praying what I saw about the banks last night.
And when I told you, I tried to show you it was like a Kleenex and I saw the banking and all that.
I saw Brad Garlinghouse and I said there was a black line out here and there was a Kleenex on top of it.
It looked like this and he said it's rice-paper thin—the new Clarity Act.
We're bringing clarity and I saw Garlinghouse excited sitting out there just wanting to get this thing rolling as I saw a rocket taking off with a rope around it.
And I saw three big bankers. One was the chase guy and he had a hold of a rope trying to hold down the rocket of crypto.
He was pulling it down trying to control it like a kite. He would let it go as high as he wanted to and then he would reel it back down.
Manipulation. He would pull that metal rope and all three of them were trying to pull it and control it.
So what I gathered what the Lord showed me about that was manipulation.
They were manipulating the rocket. They were controlling the rocket by a rope.
As I was looking into that vision, I saw that black line. That was the foundation.
And Garlinghouse, this man was looking at it again like he looked mysterious.
He looked like he was studying it and he was pleased. But there was something more behind his grin.
He just needed clarity. I saw a bunch of coins laying down in outer space.
They were traveling on a golden umbrella looking like Saturn's rings.
It looked like something that was transparent, but it had stability to it.
And I don't know about Saturn's rings, y'all, but I'm just saying that's what it kind of looked like. Something that was moving like a river.
And all of a sudden, one of the coins comes up and a demon jumped right up out of it and crawled his way out. It looked like Lilo and Stitch. So, I believe it was Stitch.
The Stitch demon-looking thing on the Disney cartoon crawled up out of this coin and started running around on that golden stream.
And the Lord reminded me about how he told me this is the beginning of the beast system. A new industrial revolution.
The clarity that will come in the days ahead for a new Industrial Revolution that will be like it was with Benjamin Franklin starting out electricity, and it would go on and go on, that a new AI-backed everything.
Next, I want you to see what happened today. The two people that were holding back the Clarity Act agreed and they're going to take it before the Senate.
Now, all the articles, they have a compromise. This woman and somebody else.
These are the people that were holding this back and they agreed today. And the Lord said, "Remember the month of May.
Pray over the month of May concerning the Clarity Act."They have a compromise.
So, they want to let it go to the Senate floor now to vote. The House already passed it.
So, when this takes place, it'll be interesting, won't it? This is the guy that has Solana.
He had a meeting today. Next week, we're going to mark up the Clarity Act in the Senate, which is a big deal. Can we get an amen for that?
We have to merge it with—not to give you all the inside baseball—but there's a bunch of committees that have jurisdiction, so we have to put it all into a tidy package.
It will be on the president's desk before the end of June and will be signed into law before July 4th.
I like to hear him say that one more time; I've been praying over this for a while.
We passed the Genius Act. Ultimately, because of President Trump, we're making a lot of progress.
Even the guy, he wants to clap, too. So, let's see what happens.
That's all I can say; it's all in my opinion of what I'm praying over because they say that the banks are very upset about this.
Who is on the other side of the table? In the vision I saw JP Morgan, I saw BlackRock in the distance, I saw Chase, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America.
They were at this meeting and they wanted to make sure that they got their cut of interest rates and things like that, ensuring this didn't cross over it.
When the two people agreed today, the banks were upset. From what I understand—correct me if I'm wrong in the comment section—these two people said, 'Tough, we're going to take it, but we're done.
We're not messing with this anymore'because the banks threw a fit today.
From what I understand, the banks are telling them whatever.
So, we'll see what happens. That was on May 1st. So, pretty interesting.
The Lord said, 'Pray about May.'It's good to be not flaky. When I tell you the Lord says pray for May, pray for May.
This is a May concerning the Clarity Act. I don't give financial advice; it's all my opinion.
But because there are so many people who need to mature spiritually and you've got to grow, I try not to touch that very much.
But it's interesting for the people who want to pray with me. It's something that needs to be prayed through.
They need to vote it through, and I believe it will change a lot of people's futures.
Thank you for joining that part of the broadcast. Now, we're going to pray. Who wants to pray with me?
There are 8,500 of you plus, and we're so thankful that you would spend your evening praying with us.
Every single time is always different, what the Holy Spirit's showing us in these end times.
I'm so grateful for every single one of you. Let's take communion. There is one more thing; this is important.
I told you in the days ahead I saw terrorists using drones to fly into stadiums, specifically baseball stadiums.
Now, a former FBI agent warns stolen sprayers are a potential nightmare scenario.
They are drone sprayers. They spray 40 gallons of some kind of material, and they can't find these drones.
I saw that they would use drones against the American people in the days ahead.
Fed hunts mysterious drone thieves who swiped 15 sprayers the army warned could be weaponized.
I saw baseball stadiums where they attached weapons and released them on crowds.
The Lord said, 'This is what you're praying for.'Fed hunts mysterious drone thieves.
Who are they? What are they going to do with them? I have to be careful, but I'm going to tell you all this is serious.
We pray they find every single one of them and they are not going to use them.
Maybe they have no intentions of doing evil with them; maybe they're farmers who just wanted to spray the corn, soybeans, or cotton.
Maybe they wanted to borrow them and bring them back unused, or they are going to put out a fire with them.
So let's take communion and pray. We're going to jump right in the river here.
I know that was a lot, but there was a lot to talk about tonight.
Father, I thank you for all the things you show us. We give you all the glory. We know you show us that which is to come.
If it wasn't for you, we would just be like a duck in the water, just stale out there.
I'm so grateful, Father, that you would use somebody like us.
We're so thankful for accuracy, that what we see coming is what we've seen for months and years.
We are yielded to you, Holy Spirit, in everything you show us.
I thank you, Father. We don't want to lead anybody astray or be flaky.
We just want to be used by you, Lord. Father, we crucify our flesh daily.
We thank you, Lord, that as we humble ourselves under your mighty hand, we keep ourselves going vertical.
We thank you, Lord, for this beautiful prayer time. When we all pray and stick together, many hands make light work.
Father, we call healing, wholeness, and wellness over our bodies tonight. We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
There's an expiration date to everything we've been believing for; it's time for the turnaround in our finances for exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
We thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken. You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we're healed. We take this body in remembrance of what you did for us.
We're so grateful, Father, that you are our Daddy and we're adopted into your kingdom.
We're so thankful, Father, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are a sweet-smelling fragrance coming up before you tonight.
We are a living sacrifice brought to you, Father. Use us. We are your friends, your companions, joint heirs of Jesus Christ.
We're so grateful, Father, that you're able to flow through us like a mighty river.
We take this body in Jesus'name. Amen. Lord, we thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us. We thank you, Lord, that it never loses its power.
Great is your faithfulness to us, Lord. We apply the blood over us. We apply the blood over our minds.
We apply the blood over our ears that we hear your voice, and a stranger's voice will not follow.
If you want to show us something, Lord, we see it uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you, Lord, that you speak through our vocal cords and think through our mind.
None of me and all of you in the mighty name of Jesus. We apply the blood over us.
That we hear your voice, Lord, and a stranger's voice will not follow.
That we tell everybody that you are coming and that you're coming sooner than later.
That it's time we get our lives right and we seek you daily and we will find you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for grace is sufficient for us.
And we thank you, Lord, that you're merciful and your mercy is new every morning and your mercy endures forever.
We're so grateful, Father, and we thank you, Lord, that we are radical for you with a backbone like a crowbar.
And we will not bow our knee to what they tell us in the days ahead.
We will stand and we will warn the people that this is a deception and that you are coming and you're coming back for a bride that is on fire for you.
Not in retreat mode, but take-the-land mode. And Father, I thank you, Lord, without spot or wrinkle, that is us.
We're that bride that is set apart for you. That we are looking for our savior.
We're looking for you. For we know our redemption draws nigh. And we take this blood in the name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for whom the son has set free is free indeed.
And we believe that tonight in Jesus'name. Amen and amen. Amen.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? Isn't he wonderful? Just like brother Hagin said.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? I believe he's wonderful. He is my friend.
It's not religion to me; it's relationship. And it will continue to be so until the day I go home to be with him.
And even on the other side, I'm going to follow him around everywhere.
He'll go, "Brandon, can you go do something?"I'll say, "I'm right here by your side.
Can I get you something? Let me get you something. You want some water? I don't know. Whatever you need.
Let me get you something."I'll be trying to hang out with him all the time.
Like, "Can I do something?"Oh, Father, we're so grateful for the day.
What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory when we all get to heaven.
What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. There it is.
Good job. When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be.
And then there's somebody who usually says, "That will be when we all see Jesus.
We'll sing and shout the victory."I love that. Those old hymns.
We're so close. We're so close. Isn't that exciting to think?
I remember on my birthday, he allowed me to see the day that the rapture takes place, when the first day we get to heaven.
And I saw Diana, my wife, running. And she was—we were on a hill and I could see the valley of the green grass and the mountains that were in the distance.
And I could see huge snow-capped mountains that were in the distance and they were beautiful. And she was running.
She said, "Brandon, we made it,"and she was doing somersaults and cartwheels in the valley like a kid.
And she was so excited and I remember just taking a breath and I was looking out over and the Lord said, "Happy birthday, Brandon."I was in my glorified body.
I had hair on my head. Diana looked like she always does. Little younger though, you know.
The visions whenever he shows them to me, they're always there.
When I have those visitations, encounters of heaven and things, they never go away.
I can remember them like they were yesterday when I go with him and do things and heaven is a place that is real and it's beautiful.
The fragrance, everything. And I'll never forget that birthday. He let me have that.
I got to look through a portal and then he said, "Happy birthday, Brandon."The valley—the grass was so beautiful.
It was as far as you could see. The mountains in the distance were so beautiful.
I think sometimes people say, "Brandon, you're nuts for saying the things you say.
Are you not afraid of them hurting you?"And whenever you've experienced the things that I've experienced and seen, I'm not afraid of death.
Because I know the moment I'm out of here, even by martyrdom, they're just doing somebody a favor.
Yeah. You'll miss your kids and people will miss you, but you don't understand what's waiting for you.
If you truly knew it, we wouldn't be so hard and so afraid to die. Heaven is a place that is so real.
And then when I've had these visitations and I'm able to see over like he allows me to and I hear the music, I hear the things, I say, "There's so much."There's no wonder why people fight so hard not to come back.
We don't have very many people raised from the dead. We have a choice.
There's nothing in this world that compares to the glory that awaits us.
There's nothing compared to the glory. To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
If you have loved ones that have gone on before and you know they were believers, oh, they're waiting on you.
They're looking through that portal right now and they are able to look when they want to. There's a portal.
It looks like a well and they walk up to it and they're able to see parties and birthday parties and things like that. And I watch them look through that.
It's like a picture show for them and they can see how things are going in progression for like weddings or whatever and they're allowed to see things that they left at that time. They're all waiting on us. The ones that went before.
You know, my wife had a miscarriage several years back and we were going to name the child Morgan and in visions before in the past, the Lord's allowed me to see Morgan and she was with my grandfather and he's with her right now and he's helping as she's growing up and I could see Morgan up there.
That's who we were going to name her. Before when Diana was pregnant, we lost the baby.
There's many of you that have lost children and I want you to know they didn't.
They're waiting on you. And I know when I saw Morgan up there.
Wow. When that anointing hits me, it makes me cry. I can feel him so strong right now.
That's why I'm crying. Your flesh underneath the glory—you cry a lot.
It's purifying. Tears are for purification. They purify your soul.
But when you get up there and if you've ever lost a child, they're waiting on you.
My grandfather has her. The Lord allowed me to see it. He said, "Lawrence will watch out for her until you come."All right.
Well, let's get to praying. I just have those moments and I'm able when I'm singing those songs and I'm telling you, he's coming so soon.
I just pause when I'm under the anointing because I'm able to look over a little easier and I can remember it so clearly.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon, many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound. All of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky going where no one dies.
Heaven we're bound. Heaven we're bound. And Jesus is coming soon.
Morning or night or noon, many will meet their doom. Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky. Going where no one dies.
Heaven, we're bound. We're so thankful, Father, that you're coming soon.
But we have work to do and we occupy until you come. We yield to you, Holy Spirit.
We ask that we pray effectively tonight from your heart. Holy Spirit, flood every person here tonight.
Touch them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
Give them that fresh fire. Give them the fresh fire. We ask for fresh fire stirred up inside of their bones.
And Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound. All of the dead shall rise. righteous meet in the sky.
Going where no one dies. Heaven we're bound. Holy Spirit. Peace.
Peace like a river. Peace like a river. Peace, the knowledge of the Lord.
And it shall flow like a river, and it shall fall like the rain, and it shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain.
For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth when the spirit of the Lord shall fall.
And it shall flow like a river. And it shall fall like the rain. It shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain.
Flow river flow. Flow river flow. Flow out through the nations where men may go.
Flow river flow and it shall flow like a river. It shall fall like the rain.
It shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain. For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth.
And the spirit of the Lord shall fall. Flow river flow. Flow river flow.
Sing it again. Flow river flow. Flow river flow, flow out through the nations wherever man may go.
Flow river. I sing it. It shall flow like a river and it shall fall like the rain. It shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain.
For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth when the spirit of the Lord shall fall.
Flow river flow, flow river flow. Flow out through the nations where men may go.
Flow river. Flow river. Flow river. Blessed are you, oh Lord.
Blessed are you for the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever. And it shall fall like a river.
And it shall fall like the rain. It shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain.
For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth. And the spirit of the Lord shall fall.
Flow river flow. Flow river flow. Flow out through the nations wherever man may go.
Cause life to spring forth that all men may know that you're the river of the spirit.
Oh flow river flow. Oh flow river flow. There's many of you that need healing in your body right now.
He said, 'Receive it.'Remember, we're not begging believers.
We're believing believers. Believers don't beg. If you're begging, you're not in faith.
We're believers. We believe it. We don't beg. Oh, God. Thank you, Jesus, for all you've done.
We switched the way we thank him. Instead of being begging believers, we're believing believers.
We believe. Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
We believe, we receive. Nothing is impossible to him who believes.
Nothing. And it shall flow like a river. And it shall fall like the rain. It shall rise as the dew in the morning over the plain.
For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill all the earth when the spirit of the Lord shall fall.
Flow river flow. Flow river flow. Blessed are you, God. The glory is here. Yes, the glory is here.
I can sense his mighty presence in the very atmosphere for whatever you may need.
Reach out and receive and say it's mine. I take it now. Oh, the glory is here.
Yes, the glory is here. I can sense his mighty presence in the very atmosphere.
So whatever you may need, reach out and receive and say it's mine.
I take it now. So reach out and receive and say it's mine. I take it now.
I receive, Lord. Oh, the glory is here. Oh, the glory is here. I can sense his mighty presence in the very atmosphere.
So whatever you may need, reach out and receive and say it's mine.
I take it now. That's right. Just take it. You can have the words there, Braden. That's good. Oh, the glory is here. Yes, the glory is here.
I can sense his mighty presence in the very atmosphere for whatever you may need.
You just reach out and receive and say it's mine. I take it now.
Reach out and receive and say it's mine. I take it now. I receive it.
Lord, we're so thankful. Now we're ready to go down the river. There were things he wanted and I wait for it. Yeah.
This is how you take the care out of your prayer by praise first.
Because there's so many cares in prayer and we're not begging believers.
We're believing believers. And how you get over into the believing flow is worship first.
Make worship a staple in your prayer life. If you want to go to the deeper levels in prayer, you must first praise and worship.
And when you do that, then you'll break through that atmosphere.
It takes you up higher like the eagle. Until then, you're just a chicken on the ground pecking.
If you want to come up higher in your prayer life, worship first and then it shoots you up above the clouds and then that's where he's at.
It's a place of authority. It's a place of knowing who you are.
It's a place where Satan dare not go. It's the glory. Yes, the glory is here.
I can sense his mighty presence in the very atmosphere for whatever you may need.
Just reach out and receive and say it's mine. I take it now. Thank you, Lord. Monday. Okay.
I see strategic leaders across this nation that will deal and be able to speak into what's about to happen with this great deception, and they need wisdom on how to confront it.
I see Perry. I see others. I see John Kilpatrick. I see key voices that will be the loudest.
And this is what we're praying for tonight: to amplify the voice of these key elders, the elder leaders.
For when the great deception manifests, how will they handle it?
But it's not just about America. This is about Europe. This is about all of the other nations.
Will they release all of it, Lord, or are they only going to release a little at a time? I see phases of a release.
I see very strategic satanic leaders that are pushing for this to be released all at once to shock and awe because they're trying to pull away from the Bible and the revival that is about to take place.
A strategic release. Give him a backbone like a crowbar to stand in the evil day.
They'll not falter. We pray for their legs to stand. We pray for their knees to stand.
This is symbolic. They'll not bend to the pressure. Behind every good man is a good praying woman.
I see that concerning these men praying. Their wives are pray-ers.
I see praying women. I see Pam. And I see Graham, Franklin Graham.
You know, Billy Graham's son, he comes. This is a wave concerning a magnifying of their voices.
We pray for an amplification. And it's the same with the Latino community.
I see him becoming even a greater loud voice to stand in the gap, to stand on the wall and warn the people.
And it would be Paul Begley too. Paul Begley will stand big. I hear Paul Begley's voice become very magnified.
It is amplified when this deception comes. He'll speak out against what's about to come, and his voice will be amplified.
Paul Begley—I see his eyes, I see his face—and the Lord said, "I will use him."It will deceive, but he will keep from the evil to deceive.
I see a deceiver. He'll be able to keep the evil. He will amplify the voices ahead, the ones that need this money pour.
I see other faces. Do you know David Crank? I see Crank's face.
In Missouri, people say, "Crank."You're going to go back to your roots today.
A greater work will you do. There's a fire coming onto most of this, Crank.
I hear Crank, and I will use him in the days to come and for the revival, son.
Go back to your roots; that's where the fruit is at. I see the father walking in the glory, walking in the anointing.
He was like an old general. Go back to the roots. The Lord says to this David: "many things have tried to derail."But the greater days are to take you back.
The refiner—when you come up to this high level of success, the Lord said, and you get to those, your latter years, and you're getting ready to step into your...
He said all the other stuff of fame starts to fall off and you find yourself back in Him.
"Where am I? Where do I go now from here? What's this next level, this next phase of my ministry?"That's what the Lord...
and he's studying. And the Lord said, "Go back to the source. Go back to the first fruit.
Go back to the roots where you were, and this is where the greater fruit is."How do I implement this?
It's a healing anointing that's going to spring forth out of this today.
I say healing anointings. It's a generational thing, passing down from his father.
There's a healing anointing I see coming on this, and it's a blue flame—a fuego ministry.
And the Holy Ghost in the days ahead, if you will yield to Him, there's a greater move ahead.
Oh, that's him. Yeah, I remember him, son. He came to Victory. Yep, that caused powerful healings in the body today.
I pray healing in the body today concerning the wife, concerning everything. Think bigger.
The Lord says, "Think bigger."Days have been cold, but now there is more and more pouring on for multiplication.
That's interesting. I don't know this man, but the Lord said it doesn't matter; that's nobody's business.
And David, there's much more money, there are blessings there. You'll be able to see it coming.
There are giftings that have been dormant, but they will spring forth, and you'll have much fruit.
Great growth and acceleration if you allow it. Open the door and you will see it.
I see new fountains of growth. Go back to the first fruits. Go back to the fruits, both of them.
Healings, signs, and wonders. Working with angels. It's kind of like Ed Dufresne was before he went home.
It's just like Ed; I see Ed Dufresne. It's similar—a type and shadow of it.
Healings in the days ahead. Hallelujah. The Lord said, "Now you can move on."He's repairing.
You'll walk in great authority. Glory to God! I see these generals going home, and I see new Davids rising up. I see a passing of the baton coming on a greater scale.
I see certain generals asking to stay longer—"Could I stay longer?"—because He told them they're coming home.
But He said, "No, not this time."And you'll see a passing of the baton.
A door will open and they will walk through. It was about their legacy. They'll say, "What will happen to my legacy?
I must pray and cultivate to make sure of my legacy."They've been on borrowed time. A new generation is coming and I see a passing of the baton.
They say, "What about the legacy I leave with this ministry?"I hear this in the spirit realm.
They'll start to go home. The Lord said, "Don't touch that anymore."There will be many passing the baton.
There are set ones you'll keep here; they'll be with the glory.
The glory will keep them like it did Moses. I see Andrew Wommack, and it's concerning the school.
The Lord said, "Don't say anything. Think bigger."He'll be a voice against what's about to take place.
Pray for him to have wisdom on how to confront these dark things.
They're strategic voices that the Lord will use in the days ahead to be amplified.
The Lord's going to amplify their voices concerning dark things that you're going to see.
I even see his grandson's voice being amplified. And even Hagee—I see we need to pray over Hagee for his body and health.
Strengthen his bones to speak out against darkness. These elders, give them strength to finish their races.
There are certain ones the Lord wants here. As you take a step, God takes a step.
You don't just sit there and go, "Well, I'm going to eat Krispy Kreme and be okay."Take your step and the Lord is going to take care of you.
I see voices being amplified—amplified voices because He needs them. It's the same with John Bevere.
I see John Bevere, too; He's going to give him more of a platform, even more than what he has.
It's strategic. Do you see how they're placed all over the map?
The only place I have not seen so far is the West Coast. I've seen Florida.
You look at it: Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama. They're all over.
Missouri, Colorado, and it's bouncing around Texas. There are strategic voices.
The Lord says so, and that's why I think it's interesting. But so far, I have not seen the West Coast.
I even remember Paul Begley. I don't know where he's at, but I saw his face a minute ago.
These are strategic people on the internet for when this deception comes.
I'm not saying He's not going to use other people. Indiana. Okay.
I'm not saying He's not going to use other people; the Lord is praying for these men.
Their voices will be amplified. Where is Graham? Is he in North Carolina?
South Carolina. That would be the East Coast. It's strategic around America.
These are strategic people we are praying for to rise up and have a backbone like a crowbar to be a voice in this end-time deception.
Thank you, Father. North Carolina. See, the East Coast? You see how it's booming around me?
I'm seeing these people coming and the Lord said, 'Pray for strength on how to speak out against the coming darkness concerning the First Amendment and the Bill of Rights.'There are things coming that are very dark in the days ahead and you need key leaders that have amplified voices.
The Lord wants to use amplified voices., and He'll even use Joseph—I see Joseph in Colorado Springs.
I see amplified voices because of this dark hour into which we are entering.
The Lord wants to anoint new voices to rise up—new Davids and even elder generals—new faces, new voices.
It's time. It's all hands on deck. You say, 'Well, I'm not qualified.'God will equip you.
He'll equip the qualified. Get yourself in line with Him and flow with the Holy Spirit within.
He needs your voice. In the last days, you'll be at work and you'll say, 'Listen, I'm going to tell you all this.
This is great deception.'The church is going to fall for stuff about the great falling away and the things that the Lord told us we're going to see.
But the world is who we're after, and the devil's after them.
If it tries to deceive the body of Christ with what they're going to release, how much more will it try to taint the mind of the unbeliever?
It's about saving that which was lost. It's for all eyes to see.
The enemy would try—I see this Illuminati, deep-state, evil thinking.
It's not so much about derailing the Christian; it's about derailing the world.
You'll get people who are atheists and agnostic and all these other people saying, 'Well, I knew it was a deception.'That's what we're saying.
We're bringing this down tonight. We're bringing in that which was lost.
We'll pray a little bit longer. Some of you have to go, and that's fine.
Now, we're swiftly going over to decisions that Trump is about to make.
We pray over his mind and the counsel that he's getting. We thank You, Lord, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We pray for President Trump with Holy Ghost fire around him today in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against him will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against him, we condemn. We pray over Eric, Don Jr., Tiffany, Barron, Ivanka.
We pray for Jared. We call them all radically saved. We call them born again in Jesus'name.
We call them out of hell and we say in the name of Jesus, every one of them will have a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We call for a stirring in them right now in the midnight hour that, Father, they'll be baptized in the Holy Spirit and fire.
We speak the fire of the Holy Spirit on them in Jesus'name. We stir up President Trump.
We say in the name of Jesus, he's radically born again. We say in the name of Jesus, he will not bow to the demonic activities of this nation.
Father, he'll rise up with a backbone like a crowbar. Father, I thank You, Lord.
If My people who are called by My name will humble themselves and pray.
We humble ourselves and pray tonight. We lift up our nation in the name of Jesus.
Satan, you will not touch it; you'll not have it. Let go of America!
Father, we say in the name of Jesus, we'll have a revival over this nation.
We call for revival. We cause a stirring for a revival in our nation in Jesus'name. I pray over Rubio. I pray over JD Vance.
I say in the name of Jesus, we thank You, Lord, that they will be radically saved and Holy Spirit-filled, stirred up from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
I already believe Rubio—I hear he's saved—and the Lord said, 'I have him.'Lord, stir up a Holy Ghost fire in him.
He said, 'I have him.'That's what the Lord said about Rubio. 'I have him.'The Lord just said that.
He said, 'I pray for Rubio to get saved.'He said, 'I have him.'He is. We call him a Holy Ghost filled tongue-talker.
The Lord said, 'I have Rubio.'We pray for them to have Holy Ghost fire on another level.
Thank You, Lord. We call the decisions that they're about to make.
We thank You, Lord, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
Holy Ghost fire in Jesus'name. Thank You, Lord. We pray over Mike Lindell to be a louder voice.
I see him trying to fade. We say he will not fade. He'll have a backbone like a crowbar.
He'll stay the course and finish his race in Jesus'name. Thank You, Father.
And the same with Byron. We call Byron to win by a landslide. Byron, get bigger in the polls in Jesus'name.
Byron, win! And concerning replacing Gavin—get on out of there, Gavin.
Time for you to retire. Nancy Pelosi, go away, too. Schumer goes away, too, in Jesus'name.
New positions, new people rise up in these places. Thank You, Father, for Holy Ghost people rising up and running for office.
Thank You, Father, for a cleaning of the House and a cleaning of the Senate.
No more RINOs, no more people that are bad. Thank You, Jesus.
Hallelujah. Thank You, Lord, for Cuba is liberated. Thank You, Lord.
The Clarity Act is coming to pass and a mighty, major harvest is coming at last. No more delay.
We get this on the road and we get ready in the name of Jesus, for Jesus is coming soon.
Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord. We bless Israel. We bless the people of Israel.
We pray peace over Jerusalem in Jesus'name. Thank you, Lord.
We bless them. We bless the people of Israel. We bless the citizens of Israel.
We bless them, the Jews. We bless the Jews in Jesus'name. Father, I thank you, Lord.
You know, when I saw Benjamin being removed because he stood against a two-state solution, I saw that he would be removed by somebody bad because they want to bring in a two-state solution when I saw the MBS and all the things about it.
Does that make sense what I'm saying? I'm seeing something.
Shaking in Israel. Shaking in the nation. Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah. There's so much going on and it's tied to this. Israel will advance in AI big time in the days ahead.
In fact, some days they'll look like they're leading even America with AI advancement.
I see cures coming from Israel. I see medical breakthroughs. There will be medical breakthroughs coming out of Israel.
I see agriculture acceleration on things to do with the soil, concerning crops for drought.
There's something to do with the drought, how to make your agriculture breakthrough in drought.
There's something there. I see the Trump golf course again on Gaza.
I see Jared and them getting ready to, here pretty quick, start to try to develop Gaza with hotels and buildings.
I see the Trump golf course again. It's absolutely beautiful.
It's on the Mediterranean right there, that oceanfront. How far am I looking into that?
When is this? You know, when you see this, it's like, am I looking into the Tribulation?
They're building on Gaza. They're doing all this stuff. They're trying to build a golf course to try to stimulate the economy.
There's a lot of things going on here I'm looking at. But I'm thinking, in my natural mind looking into a vision, is this the Tribulation?
What's wrong? Did they take me down? No. Just think that crash car.
Interesting. Well, praise the Lord, y'all. All I know is Jesus is coming soon.
Thank you for sticking with me so long tonight. Thank you for being a part of our prayer for two hours and 40 minutes. There's a lot of you who will be tired and ready to go.
But I'm so thankful for every single one of you sticking with me and praying for our pastors and just experiencing the presence of the Lord.
Whenever the Lord told me, he said, 'Just wait tonight. There's things that I want to do in people,'and I'm just thankful that you'd be here with me.
If you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, tonight's your night. There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
But the main importance of this mission of what we're set here to do is to save that which was lost—to tell people they need to ask Jesus into their life.
And if I'm just brutally honest with you, all this other stuff doesn't matter compared to your salvation.
If you die tonight, where would you spend eternity? You need to get real with yourself.
Stop running from God and run to God. You need to really sell out to Jesus tonight.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work or whatever, the undertaker might be taking off your shoes tomorrow or tonight, whenever.
But you need to know that it's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
And there's no other way to the Father except the Lord Jesus Christ.
So if you're here tonight, you tell me, 'Brandon, I've never made Jesus Christ the Lord of my life,'well, tonight's your night.
I just want you to really search yourself and say, 'If I was to die today, where would I go?
Where would I spend eternity?'Stop playing around with your future.
Stop playing around with eternity. Tonight's your night to come home.
Or you could be in the category as 'I used to be on fire for the Lord, Brandon, and I was saved.
I felt really radical for Jesus, but in the course of times I've gotten weary of well-doing.
Things, challenges come. I'm backsliding. I'm not where I should be.
I know it. I know I'm not right with the Lord.'Would you please pray for me?
You may not be backsliding to hell by no means, but you just know you're not where you should be.
You just have that inside. You just know you're off. Something's not right.
And I want you just to get right with the Lord tonight. Sell out to Him.
So if I'm talking to you, I want you to be bold about your faith tonight and say in the comment section before we close here, 'Brandon, will you please pray for me?'Jesus died for you publicly.
So I want you to be public about your decision. And I want you to tell us, say, 'Tonight's my night.
I want to be saved.'I'm going to say a simple prayer with you.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God. I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Tonight's my night. I want to be saved. Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I confess them before you. I'm a sinner and I need a Savior. And from this day forward, I serve you with all my heart.
I turn my back on my sin. I turn my back on the devil. And from this day forward, I will serve you forevermore.
If I die tonight, Lord, I thank you that I'll be in paradise with you forever. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I confess my sins before you, Lord, and I thank you that you're faithful and you're just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
I am saved. I belong to you. And I thank you, Lord. I denounce the devil.
I denounce wickedness and every evil work. And I say, Jesus, you are my Lord. I am saved.
Amen and amen.'If you just said that simple little prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ and behold, all things are new.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, what do I do now?'You go to a Bible-believing church.
Find a church that preaches the uncompromising Word of God that is filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, radically saved. Get plugged in there.
Tell them, say, 'Listen, I want to be water baptized.'Tell the pastors, whoever's there on staff, say, 'Listen, I want to be water—when do you do baptism?'If they don't do baptism there, run.
Go to a church that baptizes people. Get water baptized. Get plugged in.
Go Wednesdays, go Sundays, whenever they've got things going on. And read your Bible and pray every day.
If you don't have a Bible, you can email us in the description down below and say in the headline, 'I got saved.
I'd like a Bible,'and tell me your name and your address and we will send you a Bible.
No questions asked. Just to love on you, tell you welcome to the family. My wife and I will send you a Bible for free.
And we just want to love on you and tell you we're so excited you came tonight.
So excited you gave your heart to Jesus Christ. And so, Jesus is wonderful.
You just made the best decision you ever could have made. Now, what do I do?
If you fall down and skin your knee just like a toddler would, you don't run from God when you've sinned.
You run to God. Your sin now is none of the devil's business. You belong to Jesus. Run to God.
Say, 'Father, I messed up today.'And he is an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's never going to turn his back on you. Even if you say, "Well, I messed up.
He's not going to talk to me."No, he's a father. A father doesn't turn his back.
A good father doesn't turn his back. Say, "Father, I'm here.
Forgive me, help me."And he will be your helper. He will be your guide.
And I believe the best is yet to come for you. If you could like, subscribe, and be a part of our YouTube channel.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer army in these last days.
And we're believing that it's getting bigger and bigger, all to the glory of God.
All that we say in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
It's not about us. It's all about him and bringing in the harvest.
We humble ourselves before him and he will use us in these last days.
I believe because he will not share his glory with anybody. So we're going to say, "Lord, it's all about you.
It's not about us. It's never about us. It's always about you."And so we're so thankful—all 33 of you.
Welcome to the family. All 33 of you. That is awesome. 33 salvations in the early hours of the morning.
Well, thank you for being here. And all 33 of you, welcome to the family.
And the ones that rededicated, welcome home. Welcome home.
We're excited you came. That's wonderful. Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Well, we always close our broadcast by telling you all to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.